hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
ender's game
be ready for some spoilers ahead in the
future humanity was attacked by a race
of aliens called the formix
trying to colonize the earth tens of
millions of people
died trying to defend the human
civilization and one of the greatest
commanders of the human race
sacrificed themselves to repel the
invading armies
in order to prepare for the next
invasion children are taught and trained
to be military commanders from a very
young
age ender is one of the recruits for the
training
and colonel graf believes after many
hours of observation
that the young boy is a perfect specimen
for military command
he manages to easily beat his classmate
in military simulations
and shows humility that is rare for
someone his age
the boy tries to bully him for losing
but ender quickly strikes him down and
continues to kick him
not for revenge but to strategically
deter others from fighting him in the
future
the colonel sees this in the cameras and
a smile appears on his face
when ender goes home he expresses
feeling guilty about attacking the other
student
but his sister valentine assures him
that he did the right thing
because he prevented all future attacks
his brother peter enters the room and
begins attacking the main character in
the pretense of playing a game
it turns out that both of ander's
siblings were also cadets before
but failed the selection process because
peter was too aggressive
and valentine too compassionate later
that day the colonel and major anderson
a military psychiatrist goes to visit
ender in his house
after confirming that ender is a
strategic genius by their conversation
the colonel informs the boy that has
been offered to join combat school
in preparation against the four mix
ender goes into a rocket where he's
joined by many other children just like
himself
they take off into space and begins to
enter zero gravity
the main character's unique perspective
about weightlessness impresses the
kernel
but also isolates himself from the other
cadets when they arrive at the training
facility
the other children show their
disapproval by leaving the last bed
closest to the entrance for ender but he
accepts it with humility
they go to a lecture and watches the
footage of humanity's triumph against
the formics from their last battle
the students observe as humanity's
greatest commander maser rekkum
charges towards the enemy's battleship
and apparently kills the enemy by
destroying himself as well
everyone in the room cheers except for
ender who takes the time to analyze the
footage unlike the others
colonel graf takes the students to a
zero gravity room for training
and tells the main character to enter
the room first the boy shows initial
fear but quickly adapts to the zero g
environment and leaps off towards the
center
one of his classmates bean also manages
to adapt very quickly
and the two tests out the weapons that
were given on each other which paralyzes
their suit if they're hit
the colonel regroups everyone and
explains that they'll be fighting
against other teams in the near future
the teams will be granted points for
hitting the other members with the gun
but if any cadet enters the other team's
gate they win regardless of the points
ander continues to train with his
classmates on numerous different
subjects like physics and fighting
but what he feels most difficult is
understanding the alien invaders
no one truly understands the flight
patterns of the formics
and how exactly mesa recom defeated
their entire fleet
ender continues to send emails to his
sister but is surprised when valentine
never responds
he takes the opportunity to question the
kernel whether if the student's emails
are being blocked
the man confirms ender's suspicion but
also tells him that this is for their
own good
he continues to question the sergeant
after the colonel leaves but gets
punished for speaking against the
authorities
this angers the sergeant but also seems
to win his classmates respect as he
stood up against what many would
consider tyranny
anders candid behavior and willingness
to fight for what's right begins moving
the others as they choose to join him at
his table before bedtime
ender begins playing a video game meant
for training where he becomes a mouse
and has to choose between drinking from
two cups of wine
the game master tells ender that one of
them is poisoned and the other
is not but no matter how many times
ender chooses the different options
he gets poisoned as a result major
anderson watches with the kernel on
their side
and explains that game is a reflection
of the gamer's state of mind
she wants to see how ender deals with
frustration
after realizing that the game is rigged
ander decides on the choice that wasn't
given
and kills the game master his decision
surprised the psychiatrist as no one has
done that before
colonel graf is extremely pleased and
immediately promotes ender to join a
senior team called the salamanders
ender follows the green line to his new
team and meets petra
the only girl in the group who
immediately takes a liking to the main
character
the team leader bonzo appears and
complains about the new recruit right
away
he treats ander with disrespect and
tells him to stay behind in their games
as he believes the main character to be
nothing more than a liability
petra disagrees with her leader's
decision and decides to train
ander on her own she takes the main
character to the training room
and shows him the tactics she used for
her weapons while their friendship grows
closer
when they return bonzo becomes furious
that they've been training
and tells ender that he doesn't train
nor practice with any of the teammates
ender decides to talk with the leader
privately and demands to train
trying to convince bonzo that by
improving his skills he can be more
easily traded to another team
he tells bonzo to announce this tomorrow
morning allowing the leader to keep his
pride but also display compassion and
reason to teammates
bonzo threatens ender to never embarrass
him again but decides to grant the main
character permission in the morning
before their battle against another team
the salamanders head towards the battle
room and everyone charges forward into
their formation while ender stays behind
at the order of his leader petra tries
attacking the opponents with two of her
teammates but they get paralyzed by the
shots while the girl is pushed away
after analyzing the battlefield ender
launches towards petra and catches her
disobeying bonzo's orders he tells the
girl to push him towards the enemy as he
plays dead while drifting
he manages to enter into the other
team's area and begins shooting at
everyone as the colonel watches in
amazement
he gets shot eventually but wins the
game by destroying most of the other
team
while training with petra in
hand-to-hand combat bonzo shows his
anger by punching the main character
and threatening to kill him if he
disobeys once more ender is unable to
sleep after the attack and decides to
play the simulation once again
the mouse enters the kingdom after
killing the game master but meets one of
the aliens on the way
surprisingly the creature transforms
into his sister valentine and begins
approaching the mouse
their interaction is cut short when
asteroids crash into the ground
and the sister runs towards a fallen
castle with the main character following
behind
once he enters the building the mouse
transforms into ender and he sees an
orb in the center with his sister inside
suddenly the carpet turns into a giant
snake that attacks the main character
but he throws the creature on the ground
and continues to strike it until it's
dead
he turns around to look at the orb again
only to see his brother peter
who congratulates ander for becoming a
killer the colonel sees the game data
and questions how it can produce these
images
the psychiatrist explains that these are
the manifestations of anders emotions
and expresses the conflicts he's feeling
right now colonel graf believes that the
game is harming the boy and demands
anderson to erase the whole thing
at the same time he also gets alarmed by
the spike in the alien's military
numbers
reported by the human scouts near the
vormix planet the colonel believes that
time is running out
and proceeds to offer ender a team of
his own where he'll be the leader
instead of taking orders
ender walks into the new headquarter
only to see many of his old teammates
present as well
he tells everyone that they're allowed
to ask questions and suggest better
strategies to their new leader
he then trains his team intensively and
their progress is apparent to the
colonel and the major
who decides to test their abilities by
putting them in competition
the main character wakes everyone and
notifies them of their next battle
apparently the colonel has put them
against two teams the salamander and the
leopard
the group arrives at the gate only to
see that the doors are open already
which never happened before
ender looks at the entrance and suspects
an ambush he uses one of the teammates
as shield and protects petra while they
drift out and fires at the enemies
hiding behind the entrance
he then ties b into a rope and throws
the boy over the blockage in order to
see the formation that the enemy has set
up in defense
even though they received multiple hits
ender discovered the shape of the
enemy's defense
and devises a plan to counter their
strategy the team forms into a ball and
flies towards the enemy's gate while
using the counter forces from their
teammates momentum to change directions
their plan is to protect one member with
the body of everyone else
until they drift inside the enemy's gate
the other team
shoots furiously at them but fails to
get through as the group heads towards
the entrance and eventually enters the
doors
winning the game everyone celebrates as
bonzo looks at them with disgust and
humiliation
while taking a shower ander is
confronted by bunzo who tries to start a
fight for losing the game
although the main character tried to
resolve the issue before anyone got hurt
bonzo refuses to back down and gets
pushed to the ground by enduring
self-defense
the boy hits his head on the platform
and becomes unconscious
ender quickly runs over to help but the
damage is done
they try to operate on bonzo but the
chances of survival is slim
ander feels extremely guilty for the
incident but sees that the colonel is
not affected at all
ander wants to go back to earth and make
amends for his actions but the colonel
refuses and says that the military owns
their lives now
realizing that the colonel cares very
little for anything besides the battle
results
ender demands to quit and refuses to
play the games anymore
with no other choice the colonel goes to
the boy's home and talks the sister into
convincing her brother to come back to
the military
valentine is hesitant in the beginning
and questions the colonel about his
methods but the man assures her that
what they're doing is saving the future
of mankind
ander sees valentine and embraces her
right away they go onto the lake and the
boy tells her that he can't battle the
aliens anymore
he always won against the enemies
because he understood how they think
but this also meant that he becomes
compassionate towards them as well
valentine cries as she tells ender that
he must return and try
because if he doesn't then everyone else
would eventually die as well
the main character decides to go back
with the colonel but demands that he
retains the ability to speak with his
family in the future
he notices that they pass the combat
school and inquires about where they're
going
to which the colonel answers that
they're going somewhere much further
than before
they arrive at the command base close to
the formax home planet and enters the
underground base
the colonel explains that they took this
place from the aliens 27 years after the
initial attack
all the formics ran away from here and
back to their home planet where they're
quarantined by the humans
and their questions why the colonel
wants to attack the aliens if they're
currently under control
but the man says that it's the same
philosophy to why ender kept on kicking
the student from before
they must attack now in order to end all
future wars ander wakes up the next
morning and looks out the window
only to feel a strange sensation like
something is drawing him closer in the
distance
he turns around only to see a man full
of tattoos who attacks him immediately
pinning him on the bed the man tells
ender that he'll be teaching the boy
from now on by devising the strategies
for the enemies in all future
simulations
as far as ender is concerned the man is
the enemy he must fight against
every day the main character also learns
that this man is in fact major
recom the commander that he idolizes
maeser shows ender the complete version
of the clips from his fight years ago
apparently he destroyed the mothership
controlling all the aliens which
resulted in their final victory
the government didn't want this
information to leak out therefore faking
mazer's death and changing the video as
well
the man takes ender into the simulation
room and is surprised to see his closest
teammates here as well
they'll be aiding him in commanding the
troops as he trains to become the
mastermind of the entire human fleet
mazer shows ender the ultimate weapon of
the human race
a gigantic cannon called the md-500 that
is capable of immense destruction
designed to fire at the command of petra
ander begins training
and commands his fleet to engage the
aliens on a distant planet
that appears to be gathering water from
the rings for resources
the main character tells petra to stay
behind as he orders numerous drones to
attack the aliens from above
this of course is a distraction as he
maneuvers the cannons below the enemies
the formics began attacking the ship
from above while ander fires at them
from below
destroying their entire fleet the team
celebrates in their victory
as time goes on ender goes through
numerous simulations that are becoming
more realistic and difficult while not
getting adequate sleep
he begins to make mistakes as he tries
michael managing one of his comrades
that results in the complete destruction
of one of their sub-units
mazer becomes furious at ander for
committing such careless mistakes
and warns him that in real battle they
cannot absorb this kind of loss to the
military
colonel graf tells ender to trust his
teammates more and informs the boy that
tomorrow will be the last simulation
before they decide if he's ready for
real battle at night
ender questions his ability for real
battle as he doesn't think he can make
the correct choices when faced with
decisions that involves taking lives
the next day ender goes into the
simulation room and prepares for battle
while all the military leaders watch for
his results
they approach the aliens planet and
strangely all the ships converge and
waste from the distance
instead of attacking the human fleet
ander finds this to be odd
but ignores the behavior and sends a
group of drones to attack the formics
the aliens defend their fleet by
swarming everywhere and finishing off
the group that the main characters sent
in the beginning
however this was part of his plan to
draw out the enemy's forces
as he takes this opportunity to charge
up his ultimate weapon
and fires at the swarm killing all the
enemies in a single hit
the battle is not over yet as even more
aliens begin rising out from the planet
to attack the humans
ander quickly orders all the drones to
surround and protect the massive cannon
disregarding the annihilation of all his
other fleets
he tells petra to prepare the cannon as
they move closer
and their plans to fire at the planet
and destroy the queens as that would
kill off everything else as well
the drones rotate as they drill through
the swarm of alien fighters
moving closer towards the formax planet
he commands the planes to begin moving
ahead
clearing a path for the cannon's
trajectory and their shells for petra to
shoot
and the weapon fires onto the planet
causing a huge explosion on the surface
the chain reaction turns the entire
surface into a sea of flames
destroying every single life on the
planet the team celebrates their victory
and cheers at the leaders
but only to see that the men are dead
silent ander notices something wrong
as maser and the colonel informs him
that they have won the war
realizing that all his battles were real
the boy runs out of the room in disgust
as he can't believe he just murdered an
entire species
the colonel tells him that they had no
choice as they needed to kill the
formics in order to secure humanity's
future
ender disagrees as he thinks that the
aliens didn't want to fight but only
defend themselves against the human
invaders
colonel graf thinks that this doesn't
matter as humans have won
but the main character argues that the
way humanity won matters more than the
results
ender goes back to his quarters to rest
and begin streaming about the games that
he played
suddenly he realizes the meaning behind
it and rushes towards the outside
he explains to petra that the formics
were trying to communicate with him
through the games
and he must go towards the destination
that they left for him
he walks towards the building that is
similar to his streams
and proceeds inside until he finds the
orb-like structure where he saw his
sister
ender continues inside and finds an egg
with life beating from a fin
on top of the table the alien queen
comes out and moves towards the boy
she acknowledges that ender was
responsible for the genocide and plans
to kill him
but stops when she sees tears fall from
his eyes showing his remorse and guilt
the queen retracts her claws and points
towards the egg allowing ender to take
the last hope of their civilization with
him
anders swears to romantic wrongs and
brings the egg towards a distant galaxy
where he can resurrect the alien race
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time